Update docs on new Production Deploy role (#3537)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/rules-for-getting-production-access.html.md

## What production access means

We have two types of production access:

1. [Production Deploy access](#production-deploy-access)
2. [Production Admin access](#production-admin-access)

### Production Deploy access

This level of access allows engineers to deploy code but not administer admin related
systems. It should be granted to both civil servants and contractors as needed.

Access includes:

- Permission to [deploy apps](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/development-pipeline.html#deployment) in Jenkins via the [GOV.UK Production Deploy Github team](https://github.com/orgs/alphagov/teams/gov-uk-production-deploy)
- Permission to [merge pull requests](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/merge-pr.html#header) in continuously deployed applications
- Readonly access to logging systems such as Logit, etc.
- AWS readonly access via the `role_user_user_arns` role in [Staging](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/blob/main/data/infra-security/staging/common.tfvars) and [Production](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/blob/main/data/infra-security/production/common.tfvars)

> - "Normal" access to GOV.UK Signon in Staging and Production (with app permissions granted as needed)

Reviewer: If I've understood correctly, Deployment vs Admin access means no difference in Signon?

```suggestion
- Full access to GOV.UK Signon in Staging and Production (with app permissions granted as needed)
```

Author: In the [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oqy7tKpB8mHBhHQ9jAZu0NR0GKKZXOqtQGBKHYVnpmk/edit?pli=1#gid=0&range=E21:E22) it says it should be `Normal` for Production Deploy access

Reviewer: Fair enough 👍 maybe be more specific about the category:

```suggestion
- "Normal" role in GOV.UK Signon on Staging and Production (with app permissions granted as needed)
```

#### When you get Production Deploy access

Access should be granted at the discretion of the engineer's tech lead, once the engineer has the required level of security clearance (BPSS). Before approving access, tech leads should ensure that the engineer:

- is aware of our processes and standards around [code review](https://gds-way.cloudapps.digital/manuals/code-review-guidelines.html)
- understands the responsibilities that [releasing code](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/development-pipeline.html#deployment) brings with it
- knows how to roll back to an older release if there are any issues
- knows [how to get help](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/ask-for-help.html) from someone with more access if they need it

### Production Admin access

- Permission to read & write [production](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/blob/main/puppet_aws/hieradata/production_credentials.yaml) and [staging](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/blob/main/puppet_aws/hieradata/staging_credentials.yaml) [hieradata](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/encrypted-hiera-data.html#what-to-do-when-someone-gets-production-access) in govuk-secrets using GPG

> - Permission to read & write from the [Pass](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/tree/main/pass) in govuk-secrets store using [GPG](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/blob/master/pass/2ndline/.gpg-id)

Reviewer: I read this as "the PaaS" - think this would be clearer:

```suggestion
- Permission to read & write to the [password store](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/tree/main/pass) in govuk-secrets using [GPG](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/blob/master/pass/2ndline/.gpg-id)
```

Author: Thanks Chris, I've made this change now.

- [SSH access](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/howto-ssh-to-machines.html) to production and staging servers via [govuk-puppet](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-puppet)
- AWS [PowerUser Access](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/blob/master/data/infra-security/production/common.tfvars) via the `role_poweruser_user_arns` role
- [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](/manual/google-cloud-platform-gcp.html) access to role to manage [static mirrors](/manual/fall-back-to-mirror.html) and DNS
- Signon "Super Admin" access in production
- GOV.UK PaaS [Space developer](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/orgs_spaces_users.html#space-developer) and `Org manager`
  access to all spaces in the [govuk_development](https://admin.cloud.service.gov.uk/organisations/f8718311-b9a4-49d3-b1c7-7c5345a74e35) and [data-gov-uk](https://admin.cloud.service.gov.uk/organisations/39c3d2c5-8809-4dcf-8cd6-a8f62923a295/users) organisations

The steps above are outlined in the [GOV.UK Production template Trello card](https://trello.com/c/GIHPZi2o/382-production-access-for-2nd-line), which is normally given whilst on 2nd line.

> See the next section for more detail.

Reviewer: I think we can lose this line.

```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks Chris, I've removed this change now.
